Update blueprint.markdown to explain automation inheritance (#36867)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/blueprint.markdown

Imagine you want to control lights based on motion. A blueprint provides the generic {% term automation %} framework, while letting you select one specific motion sensor as a {% term trigger %}, and the exact light to control. This blueprint makes it possible to create two automations. Each automation has their own configuration and act completely independently. Yet, they share some basic automation configuration so that you do not have to set this up every time.

> Automations inherit from blueprints, which means that changes made to a blueprint will be reflected in all automations based on that blueprint the next time the automations are reloaded. This occurs as part of Home Assistant starting or can be manually triggered using **Developer Tools > YAML > Reload Automations**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automations inherit from blueprints, which means that changes made to a blueprint will be reflected in all automations based on that blueprint the next time the automations are reloaded. This occurs as part of Home Assistant starting. To manually reload the automations, go to {% my server_controls title="**Developer tools** > **YAML**" %} and reload the automations.
```
